LOONA IN LONDON!
‘Let’s have breakfast~~~’
‘Open~~!'
'sesame!!’
Being embarassed is all on you...
‘I met HeeJin & HyunJin in London…’
‘So I’m feeling like this, London London (??)’
Being embarassed is all on you… (X2)
‘Look, look at that pigeons!’
HeeJin & HaSeul have a fear of birds
‘I almost have a goose bumps!!’
‘That pigeon is beautiful, the brown pigeon~’
‘What? I don’t agree with you’
'My first impression about London is...'
'I think London is similar to Paris but not so much, right?'
'Yes~~'
'But overall, I think both cities have a similar atmosphere~'
'It’s my first visit to London.'
'But I can smell Kimchi stew(korean food)~'
'ASSA!'
It’s like a commercial for the korean food restaurant in London!
The girls are eating Korean food with relish. It’s been so long~
‘The rice is the best~’
'THE BEST~
'I ate the most~'
'HeeJin ate up all the rice~'
‘Hehe, Although I said that I hate the rice...’
'I’m happy~'